Added the English version of the docs for asynchronous replication (#9609)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/syntax/create-object-type-secret.md

# CREATE OBJECT (TYPE SECRET)

{% note warning %}

> The syntax for managing secrets might change in future {{ydb-full-name}} releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for managing secrets will change in future {{ ydb-full-name }} releases.
```

{% endnote %}

The `CREATE OBJECT (TYPE SECRET)` statement creates a [secret](../../../concepts/datamodel/secrets.md).

## Syntax {#syntax}

```yql
CREATE OBJECT `secret_name` (TYPE SECRET) WITH value=`secret_value`;
```

### Parameters

* `secret_name` - the name of the secret.
* `secret_value` - the contents of the secret.

## Example {#examples}

> The following statement creates a secret with the `MySecretName` name and `MySecretData` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following statement creates a secret named `MySecretName` with `MySecretData` as a value.
```

```yql

> CREATE OBJECT `MySecretName` (TYPE SECRET) WITH value=`MySecretData`;

Reviewer: It looks like `MySecretData` should be in regular single/double quotes instead of backticks. The russian version has the same issue, though.
